feat: Add support for creating server only projects (#5409)
serverpod/serverpod: templates/serverpod_templates/projectname_server/README.md

This is the starting point for your Serverpod server.

Start your server by running:

    cd projectname
    serverpod start

> When you are finished, you can shut down Serverpod with `Q`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are finished, you can shut down the running server with `Q`.
```
